These last 2 charts go even more in depth on the idea of clusters. On the left side, you can see a **TSNE-embedding** of our trees. You can view this as an image of our forest from above while flying over it. What the TSNE algorithm does, is assigning each of the trees a x- and y-coordinate, also called *components* to display them on a 2D plane. The depiction supports our results from the DBSCAN cluster algorithm. Each group of trees that you see in the TSNE plot, represents a cluster that was previously identified by the DBSCAN algorithm. Another argument that supports our theory, is the *silhouette plot* on the right. The **Silhouette Score** is a metric to measure a cluster classification. It ranges between -1 and 1, where 1 means that a data point was likely assigned to the correct cluster and -1 means that it was probably falsely classified. While there are some data points with a Silhouette Score of -1, this is exclusively the case for the points classified as *noise* by the DBSCAN algorithm. This is made on purpose because Silhouette Score is not ideal to be used with an algorithm like DBSCAN that classifies points as noise. By giving them a score of -1, we can clearly identify them on the TSNE plot, while being aware, that their value does not hold any meaningful information for us. All of our other clusters have scores well above 0.5, which further indicates a good clustering of the trees. However, do not mistake the Silhouette Score as an absolute measure. It is merely an indication to use as a relative measure, compared to other clusterings of the same data. So if you late proceed to change the parameters of the DBSCAN algorithm, you might find clusterings that are better or worse. That's where the Silhouette Score can help you.  

You can also use your mouse to highlight a group of trees in the TSNE plot.  

Below you can look at the same TSNE plot, interacting with the feature importance bar plot. Use the mouse to highlight clusters of trees and see how the feature importance changes. You can also use the slider to change the number of clusters.